#1. Chick Chick BOOM - Avatars & Wallpapers
http://www.chick-chick-boom.com/public/ccb_download_01.zip

#2. Zombie Panic in Wounderland - Avatars & Wallpapers
http://www.akaonistudio.com/mis/zpiw-gift.zip

#3. Swords and Soldiers - Leaders Wallpapers
http://www.ronimo-games.com/Swords%26Soldiers_Leader_Wallpapers.zip

#4. And Yet It Moves - Wallpapers & Music
http://www.brokenrul.es/mis/ayim_present.rar

#5. NyxQuest - Soundtrack
http://www.nyxquest.com/NyxQuestOST.zip

#6. 1... 2... 3... Kick It! - Wallpaper & Music
http://www.synthscribe.com/media/1..._2..._3..._KICK_IT!_--_Advent_Calendar_Goodies.zip

#7. Spirit Hunters inc. - Light - Avatars & Wallpapers
http://www.nnooo.com/press/advent/SHI_Light.zip 

#8. Spirits - Wallpaper
http://www.spacesofplay.com/spirits/wallpapers/SpiritsDesktopWallpaper.zip

#9. Bit.Trip - Avatars + Flux Image
http://commandervideo.com/BT_Goodies.zip

#10. Flower Works - Images & Wallpaper
http://nocturnal-central.com/mis/FlowerworksPack.zip

#11. JoyJoy - Music
http://radiangames.com/fluid/JoyJoy_Extended.zip

#12. TokiTori - Wallpaper
http://www.twotribes.com/fileshare/mission_in_snowland_2010/tokitori_wallpapers.zip

#13. Swords and Soldiers - Barbarolga Wallpaper
http://www.ronimo-games.com/Swords&Soldiers_Barbarella.zip

#14. And Yet It Moves - Extra Level - Elevator - PC & Mac
http://www.brokenrul.es/mis/AYIM_MiS.zip

#15. Spirit Hunters inc. - Shadow - Avatars & Wallpapers
http://www.nnooo.com/press/advent/SHI_Shadow.zip

#16. Machinarium - Hi-Rez Screenshots & Art
http://machinarium.net/blog/data/machinarium_hires_screens_advent.zip

#17. Bit.Trip - Flux Preview Images
http://www.commandervideo.com/FLUX_FirstShots.zip

#18. Max & The Magic Marker - Prototype - PC & Mac
http://uberdruck.com/max/MaxPrototype.zip

#19. Retro City Rampage - Master System Box Art
http://retrocityrampage.com/downloads/retrocityrampage_sms_insert.zip

#20. Dive: The Medes Island Secret - Music - Full OST
http://www.cosmonautgames.com/MIS_DiveGiftOST.zip

#21. Chick Chick BOOM - Holiday Cards
http://www.chick-chick-boom.com/public/ccb_download_cards.zip

#22. Dive: The Medes Island Secret - Art & Wallpaper
http://www.cosmonautgames.com/MIS_DiveGiftGraphics.zip

#23. Bite Jacker - Wallpaper
http://secretbase.com.sg/blog/wp-content/uploads/2010/12/Frienemies.zip

#24. Indie Games Collection - Mission In Snowdriftland Group Wallpaper
http://www.mission-in-snowdriftland.com/downloads/Al873FFhe57DSj7/mis_artcollection_download.zip

Completion Reward - Mission In Snowdriftland Avatars & Wallpaper
http://www.mission-in-snowdriftland.com/downloads/Al873FFhe57DSj7/mis_elpix_download.zip

Snowflake Bonus - Music - Mission In Snowdriftland OST
http://www.mission-in-snowdriftland.com/downloads/Al873FFhe57DSj7/mis_crystal_download.zip
